Block Grid Editor is available from v10.4 (#5459)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/fundamentals/backoffice/property-editors/built-in-umbraco-property-editors/block-editor/README.md

The Block Editors are property editors that enables you to build advanced editor tools using a set of predefined Document Types.

> Umbraco 10 initially shipped with one Block Editor, Block List, with Block Grid introduced in Umbraco 10.4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Umbraco 10 initially shipped with one Block Editor which is Block List. Block Grid editor has been introduced from version 10.4.0.
```

Author: Hi @alina-tincas works for me :-)
